MAIN_PAGE.md, before:

# Overview

![](logoBp.png)

[PyFlow](@ref PyFlow.PyFlow.PyFlow) is a general purpose extendable python qt node editor.

# Table of contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Pip dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Licensing](#licensing)

# Features
- Json serializable
- Easy node creation from annotated functions
- Categories tree
- Undo stack
- Properties view
- Dirty propagation for optimal graph computation
- Runtime nodes creation
- Variables and variables view

# Installation and run
1. Download repository.
2. Install [conda](https://conda.io/docs/)  with pyside2 environment. [Instruction](https://fredrikaverpil.github.io/2017/08/28/pyside2-easy-install/) here
3. Go to **Scripts/** folder and install dependencies
	```bash
	pip install Qt.py pyrr
	```
4. Execute **starter.bat**


# Pip dependencies:
- [Qt.py](https://github.com/mottosso/Qt.py)
- PySide or PySide2 or PyQt5 or PyQt4
- [pyrr](https://github.com/adamlwgriffiths/Pyrr) for builtin math. (optional)

# Usage
App's entry point is a **PyFlow.py** file. There are also several handy bat scripts for debugging and profiling.
Right click on empty space to show node box then drag and drop on to canvas. Or press enter with node name selected.
Connect pins and execute the graph with [Call](@ref PyFlow.Nodes.call.call) node.

Writing this project i was inspired by Unreal Engine blueprints. So, if you are familiar with it, you will quickly figure out what's what.

For in depth descriptin and how it works, see **video tutorials** and documentation.

# Licensing
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015-2018 The PyFlow Authors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

html description in property view. docs

MAIN_PAGE.md, after:

# Overview

![](logoBp.png)

[PyFlow](@ref PyFlow.PyFlow.PyFlow) is a general purpose extendable python qt node editor.

# Features
- Json serializable
- Easy node creation from annotated functions
- Categories tree
- Undo stack
- Properties view
- Dirty propagation for optimal graph computation
- Runtime nodes creation
- Variables and variables view

# Installation and run
1. Download repository.
2. Install [conda](https://conda.io/docs/)  with pyside2 environment. [Instruction](https://fredrikaverpil.github.io/2017/08/28/pyside2-easy-install/) here
3. Go to **Scripts/** folder and install dependencies
	```
    pip install Qt.py pyrr
	```

4. Execute **starter.bat**


# Pip dependencies:
- [Qt.py](https://github.com/mottosso/Qt.py)
- PySide or PySide2 or PyQt5 or PyQt4
- [pyrr](https://github.com/adamlwgriffiths/Pyrr) for builtin math. (optional)

# Usage
App's entry point is a **PyFlow.py** file. There are also several handy bat scripts for debugging and profiling.
Right click on empty space to show node box then drag and drop on to canvas. Or press enter with node name selected.
Connect and execute pins from property view or using [timer node](@ref PyFlow.Nodes.timer.timer).

See [video tutorials](http://blank.org/).

# Licensing
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015-2018 The PyFlow Authors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
